=> Setup of using Python and MEL in Maya
http://help.autodesk.com/view/MAYAUL/2015/ENU/?guid=GUID-55B63946-CDC9-42E5-9B6E-45EE45CFC7FC

=> Generating a window via python script in the Maya command window
http://forums.cgsociety.org/archive/index.php?t-690460.html

=> Producing a window in Maya with a number of options (text entry, buttons, etc.)
http://kevman3d.blogspot.com/2015/05/introduction-to-simple-maya-ui-coding.html

=> Maya "window" command documentation detailing possible flags/argumetns
https://help.autodesk.com/cloudhelp/2015/ENU/Maya-Tech-Docs/Commands/window.html

=> Generating a window with column and text elements in Maya
http://www.bojandjulbic.com/code-snippets-creating-gui-using-python-maya/

=> Maya "text" command documentation
http://download.autodesk.com/us/maya/2011help/CommandsPython/text.html

=> Adding shelves via python scripts
http://forums.cgsociety.org/archive/index.php?t-1091198.html

=> Coordination between Python and MEL within Maya
https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/maya/learn-explore/caas/CloudHelp/cloudhelp/2016/ENU/Maya/files/GUID-55B63946-CDC9-42E5-9B6E-45EE45CFC7FC-htm.html

=> MEL handling shelves within Maya
https://knowledge.autodesk.com/support/maya/learn-explore/caas/CloudHelp/cloudhelp/2015/ENU/Maya/files/Interface-overview-Load-the-default-shelves-htm.html

=> Scripting custom Maya shelves with Python
http://bindpose.com/scripting-custom-shelf-in-maya-python/

=> Creating and editing shelf buttons in MEL
http://ewertb.soundlinker.com/mel/mel.030.php

=> Base class for constructing custom shelves
https://gist.github.com/vshotarov/1c3176fe9e38dcaadd1e56c2f15c95d9

=> Maya "shelfButton" command documentation for MEL ("command" in Python)
http://download.autodesk.com/us/maya/2011help/CommandsPython/shelfButton.html

=> Sourcing Python script to a shelf button
http://forums.cgsociety.org/archive/index.php?t-838592.html

=> Tutorials on MEL based control of buttons and shelves and tabs
http://ewertb.soundlinker.com/mel/mel.030.php

=> Executable for converting MEL to Python, runnable in Maya
==> NOTE!!!!! Only good for general structure and functions. Output produced needs editing to be incorporated into Grindstone
https://www.highend3d.com/maya/script/ezmel2python-for-maya

=> Discussion regarding checking if history nodes exist (for Maya 2014)
http://forums.cgsociety.org/archive/index.php?t-1173199.html

=> Text field modification via button
=> Confirmed to work when text field is set to non-editable
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33883474/how-to-change-the-text-for-textfield-command-maya-python
